1. For the asynchronous nature issue, JavaScript developers find that to be a pain point as it can be hard to tell directly from the code the order in which a program executes. For instance, a line of code with a timeout will always execute after all other code that does not have a timeout, which makes it a bit more difficult to trace through the execution of various lines of code.

In terms of the loose typing, JavaScript developers may find that performing comparisons or knowing what type of variables are meant where can be difficult because JavaScript can often implicitly convert one type to another such as in comparisons, concatenation, or arithmetic.

Finally, because of differences in the web platforms that it is run on, JavaScript developers may find it to be a nuisance to try and produce a similar experience on multiple platforms.

2. I think the developers of JavaScript made it such a loosely typed language with asynchronous features as these were features that would provide lots of use in web environments. For instance, lots of things depend on user input for websites, and the fact that JavaScript has a lot of asynchronous capabilities makes it easier for programmers to run functions only when a user interacts with a page in a certain way. Additionally, given the fact that JavaScript is meant for web development, a highly iterative process that requires lots of repetition without too much consideration on strong types, that may be a motivation behind being loosely typed.

4. I think that vanilla JavaScript is focused on in this course as it is the foundation to what frameworks are, and it enables you to manipulate your webpage at a more controllable level. Frameworks abstract away the foundational details necessary to become a successful software engineer. In using frameworks before mastering basic JavaScript, you do not get as deep of an understanding. That is not to say frameworks are entirely useless though; Once you are confident enough in your rudimentary JavaScript skills, they can prove useful to get rid of some of the menial work in setting a program up.

5. This lab relates to our project as it gives us a basic understanding of JavaScript, how its loosely-typed nature and asynchronous features work, the process of merging changes in a working environment, and how to map out a flowchart for a program's intended use. We will use this in our own projects by using some of the planning detailed in this lab to better prepare and guide our development process.