1. It is important to put thought into your classes and IDs so that when you need to select them or identify them in the code, whether it be through just HTML tags, CSS selectors, or document selectors, it becomes more straightforward and efficient.

2. Data attributes are the attributes associated with a tag in HTML such as `id`, `src`, `style`, and more. They are useful in either uniquely identifying or setting some sort of source property or stylistic choice to your tags, and can be accessed in a variety of ways through CSS and JavaScript. For CSS, selectors enable one to choose tags based on their type (e.g. `p`), class, or id as well as more complex selections such as if some element is hovered over. In JS, this can be done with document selector functions such as `getElementById`, `getElementsByClassName`, `querySelector`, and more. Data attributes are important in microdata as they enable one to hide metadata within the HTML tags of a webpage while simultaneously describing key elements in a page.

3. A DOM Fragment is a document object without a parent, commonly accessed via commands like `.children`, `.firstElementChild`, and more. It is often used to move up and down a part of a DOM tree to select adjacent tags, making them highly powerful in cases where some tags cannot be easily directly selected.

4. A Virtual DOM is, simply put, a virtual representation of your actual DOM which is more of an abstraction of your website than it is the real thing. You are able to gain the ability to achieve faster updates within your DOM, as well as easier manipulation, at the cost of not being able to directly manipulate your HTML like you would a regular DOM since it is not a real representation of your page. 

5. This might be because it closely resembles the class reserved keyword in JavaScript and was thus used to differentiate the two.

6. addEventListener can add any sort of event involving some element within your DOM to your page, whereas onClick() only concerns itself with actions taken upon clicking some element on your DOM. However, addEventListener is inclusive of clicking events, meaning that it can fulfill onClick's duties as well. The advantages of using addEventListener is that it can sometimes be more consistent if you have lots of event listeners in your JS file. Additionally, you can attach multiple event listener functions to the same event, like multiple events for clicking an element. However, onClick sets one event listener per function, overriding previous ones if they are already implemented. onClick does have the benefit of being a little more concise in the code though!